quickstart-tweaks (#14142)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0rc/get-started/quickstart.mdx

## Convert your script to a Prefect flow

The easiest way to convert a Python script into a workflow is to add a `@flow` decorator to the script's entrypoint, the Python function that runs first.
[Flows](/3.0rc/develop/write-flows/) are containers for workflow logic as code. 

> They core observable, orchestrated, deployable units of work in Prefect.

Author: ```suggestion
They're the core observable, orchestrated, deployable units of work in Prefect.
```

> You can also add `@task` decorators to the functions called by the flow to track and orchestrate them. 

Author: ```suggestion
Adding `@task` decorators to the functions called by the flow converts them to tasks. 
Tasks receive metadata about upstream dependencies and the state of those dependencies before they run.
Prefect will record these dependencies and states as it orchestrates these tasks when they run.
```

> Tasks are the smallest unit of observed and orchestrated work in Prefect.

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Run your flow

> Run your Prefect flow just as your would a python script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run your Prefect flow just as your would a Python script:
```
